Your TA's name:



Students in your studio group:

    Name        Student ID (begins with a 4)
	
1.  Di Ai		458749
2.  Lifan Zhang	456123
3.
4.
5.
6.

Below each question, type in your short, to-the-point answers.

Question A1: 
	What do you see in both plots? 
	Roughly horizontal lines.
	
	Are there any differences between the two?
	Ticks provides a horizontal curve with the y value equals to number of iterations. Time will have some variations. And it fluctuates around a constant number.
	
	What could account for those differences?
	Ticks only count for the number of operations which is for sure incrementally constant as the number of operations increases.
	There will be a lot of factors contributing to the time operation. For instance, other application will compete for the resources of the CPU. 
	
Discuss this (and all your responses for this assignment) with your TA as you go.

Question A2:
	Why do the times provided for Quadratic produce such a nice plot, while the original values of Linear did not?
	There will be errors for computer to use time as a way to measure the efficiency of the code. And linear will be affected by the error more, because 
	the time elapsed is quite little.
	 
Question A3: 
	From the runs you have tried so far, how does the placement of ticker.tick() calls affect the plots you see? 
	In particular, do the changes affect the shapes of the curves, the values plotted, or both
	Almost no effect. Because the additional placement of the ticker.tick() calls is way less than the number of operations of the innermost loop's iteration.
	(which counts for the most of the data dots in the plot.)
	
Question A4: 
	In terms of n, how would you characterize, in the most simple terms, 
	the time and ticks curves that have been generated so far?
	As n increases, ticks increases. But the property of the picture does not change.
	
	
Question A5: 
	What would happen if you deleted all ticker.tick() calls in the innermost loop,
	while leaving other calls to ticker.tick() that you just placed in run()?
	It becomes a linear line.
	
Question B1:
	What do you see? How do the curves reflect the code inside AddsTwoNumbers?
	Do you think the value of n matters here in terms of the time it takes to perform the operation?
	Why or why not?
	It doesn not matter. Because the loop has nothing to do with n.
	
Question B2:
	What do the data and plot tell you about the time it takes to allocate an array of n integers?
	Is it reasonable to say that the line of code

 		this.array = new int[this.n]
 		
	takes a constant amount of time, independent of the value of this.n?
	No. It is related to the number of n. As n increases, the time increases.
	
Question B3:
	Do the ticks agree in shape with the time we measured in running the Allocates code?
	NO.
	
Question B4:
	Are the plots more similar to each other than before?
	What does this tell you about how much time it takes to allocate an array of n integers?
	No. More n more time.
	
Question B5:
	Which group do you expect to finish first?
	Can you formalize, in terms of n the amount of work (ticks)
	that each group must do to write n in the form required for that group?

	Both groups achieve the same result, namely the recording of an integer n.

		Under what circumstances is the decimal notation more efficient than tally marks?
		Under what circumstances is the tally mark notation more efficient than decimal notation?
		
	If you are not sure, take a look the link from the assignment web page.
	At the first, the difference between the two teams is negligible, but as n increases, say above 5, decimal team will finish first.
	
Question D1:
	How would you describe the curve you see?
	As a team, think about possible polynomial functions that could generate such a curve.
	Write your answer here:
	Growbyone is quadratic. (1+n)*n/2
	
Question E1:
	What is the closed form solution for T(n)?
	 (1+n)*n/2
	 
Question E2:
	What is the closed form solution for T(n)?
	Can you express this result in terms of n, as well as k?
	Write your answer here:
	n-1
	
	